>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, we take it
for granted, the Sun.
Every day we wake up.
It sets at night.
But what is really
going on in the Sun?
Jay Weidner, of course,
the noted filmmaker,
has been looking at this, and
he says it's not all you think.
Jay, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hey,
George, good to be here.
>>NOORY: You know, we
do take it for granted.
The Sun is always there,
good, old, dependable Sun.
What happens if something
ever changes on the Sun?
>>WEIDNER: Well, you know,
that's a good question.
Because when I was growing
up and taking science classes
in college and high
school, we were
told that the Sun was a stable
star, not a variable star.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WEIDNER: And that
it had been like it
has been for millions of years.
>>NOORY: And we had
five billion years
to even worry about anything.
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
Five billion years
before we even
have to worry if it's
even going to change.
And so with that in mind, I
started my original research--
I got involved in all of
this woo-woo, I guess,
was I discovered a cross
in the south of France,
a 400-year-old cross
called the Cross
of Hendaye, which is on
the screen right there.
The church yard--
>>NOORY: How big is that?
>>WEIDNER: That's
about 12 feet tall.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WEIDNER: And has a pedestal,
and then a pillar, and then
a cross on the top.
And the pedestal on the
bottom has four engravings.
The engraving I'm
most interested in
is this one right here.
This is called the angry Sun.
And the Cross of Hendaye,
once you interpret it,
which my first book is
about and my first time I
appeared on your show--
>>NOORY: Many years ago.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, many years ago.
I thought that the
Cross of Hendaye
was saying that sometime
in the future, near future,
that we would face gigantic
solar flares or CMEs,
and the Earth would
get baked by them.
And that sent me
searching in the past
to see if there had been--
this is 10 years ago, 15
years ago now-- seeing if there
had been CMEs, Coronal Mass
Ejections, going on in the past.
And I found, yeah, the
Harrington Effect in 1859.
>>NOORY: Right.
Wiped out the telegraph
and everything else.
>>WEIDNER: Wiped out
all the telegraphs.
And I went back, and I found
that the forests in Canada
had burned 12,000 years ago.
There's a layer of
ash this thick, where
all the forests had burned
as if solar flares had
struck the Earth.
And I started going public on
your show and other places.
Was heavily criticized,
especially by NASA, people
calling me a Chicken
Little and this.
And then the book
came out in 1999.
About 2003, 2004, NASA
began changing their tune.
And they did have SOHO up
by then, their satellite,
so they started learning
a lot of things.
And they began changing
their tune and saying,
yes, the Sun does emit
gigantic solar flares
which strike the Earth.
And if you look, you
can't see the two stars.
There's four stars
around the Sun.
>>NOORY: There's two up.
There's two up, and
they're in the shadow.
>>WEIDNER: And what I
believe that's saying
is that the Sun does something,
and it affects the inner four
planets of the solar system.
>>NOORY: There's no doubt.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, Earth--
>>NOORY: No doubt.
>>WEIDNER: --Mars,
Venus, and Mercury.
And also if you look, you'll
see that the Sun looks
like it's expanding a little
bit, the angry sun looks--
>>NOORY: It's growing out.
>>WEIDNER: Growing
up, yeah, growing out.
So I went around
thinking that this
was the interpretation
of the Cross of Hendaye.
And I still believe that that's
a very viable interpretation,
that a group, a secret society,
built a monument that we would
decipher that would warn us
about this periodic thing that
happened.
>>NOORY: How would
they know this then?
>>WEIDNER: Well,
that's a good question.
I went into--
after-- My research
into the Cross of Hendaye
took me into Free Masonry.
And I found out that at the very
basis of Free Masonry is this
same prediction, that Free
Masonry originally started out,
I believe, as a father-to-son
passing down of this
information, that beware,
there is a periodic change that
happens with the Sun, and
you're going to face it,
just like my
great-great-great-great-grandfather
faced it.
>>NOORY: Right.
It's a cycle?
>>WEIDNER: It's a cycle.
And the whole point of Free
Masonry at the beginning
was to pass down
this information.
And I'm sure of this, actually.
And I believe a Freemason
built the Cross of Hendaye.
And I believe that, of course,
later the secret society got
involved in politics and ruling,
and the original predictions
kind of went away, and
everyone kind of forgot
the whole point of the program.
So everything was fine, and
this was my interpretation.
I was glad that NASA was coming
along and following along--
>>NOORY: Following you for that.
>>WEIDNER: --and warning people.
Because if a solar flare
hit today, right now,
if a massive--
>>NOORY: An x-size, you mean.
>>WEIDNER: --an
x-size solar flare
hit, it would knock out all
of the nuclear power plants.
It would go flat, and we'd all--
>>NOORY: The grid goes.
Everything goes.
>>WEIDNER: The grid
goes, and we would
have meltdowns,
incredible meltdowns.
There's over 90 nuclear
power plants in France alone.
OK?
>>NOORY: And we've
got like 120, right?
>>WEIDNER: Yes.
And every one of them would
go into immediate meltdown.
So there are people now lobbying
Congress and the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission to put
generators outside every power
plant with gasoline tanks.
>>NOORY: To keep it cool.
>>WEIDNER: To keep it going
until we can figure out,
once the grid goes down,
how to get it back.
>>NOORY: But it
could be years, Jay.
>>WEIDNER: It could be years.
And we don't have any
electricity to fix it.
In other words,
your grid is down,
you can't use the computers
to fix your computers.
>>NOORY: Right.
And if the transmission
systems go--
>>WEIDNER: Which they will.
>>NOORY: --we don't have
replacements for those things.
>>WEIDNER: We don't.
And so we could literally
be sixth century BC
in five minutes.
>>NOORY: Yeah, I agree.
>>WEIDNER: And so
this is a very--
>>NOORY: Millions would die.
>>WEIDNER:--very
serious problem.
>>NOORY: Millions would die.
>>WEIDNER: Absolutely.
But I am now-- I believe that
that is a legitimate thing,
and we should be very
worried about it.
But I've now changed my mind
about the Cross of Hendaye.
And the reason I've
changed my mind
is-- and you're old
enough to remember
this-- the Sun
used to be yellow.
I'm a photographer.
I've been shooting photographs
since I was 10 years old.
I've been photographing the
Sun since I was 10 years old.
The Sun used to be yellow.
I have to use special filters,
neutral density filters now,
to get good, crisp images of
the Sun because it's white.
It's hot white.
And this is an indication
that dust is falling down--
interstellar dust is falling
onto the surface of the Sun,
heating it up.
And another thing that
people have noticed
is the UV, the ultraviolet,
is much hotter now
than it used to be.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
More melanoma cases and stuff.
>>WEIDNER: Exactly.
If you stand out in
80-degree weather,
and you feel like
it's 100 degrees out,
and that's the UV coming.
And I asked myself, well,
where would the UV come?
And the ultraviolet would come
from this dust falling down
onto the surface of the Sun.
It's called a T Tauri
star in astronomy.
And the dust falls down on the
surface, and if you add ultra--
if you do a color scheme, and
you add ultraviolet to yellow,
it turns it white,
which is exactly--
>>NOORY: Which is
what's happening.
>>WEIDNER: --going
on with the Sun.
So I began looking
into this even more.
And I've come to the
conclusion, mainly
because a person from NASA
told me this 25 years ago,
that the Sun itself
was changing.
That there's something that
they could not understand
was occurring with the Sun,
and they were actually scared.
>>NOORY: There's nothing
they can do about it.
>>WEIDNER: There's nothing they
can-- this was 25 years ago.
OK?
Yesterday, the
newspaper for Boulder,
a letter to the editor
is saying that--
a military pilot was
admitting that for 37 years,
he sprayed aerosols on to--
>>NOORY: A chemtrail
witness, finally.
>>WEIDNER: He came forth.
And I've called the guy,
and I'm going to try to--
>>NOORY: Let's get him.
>>WEIDNER: I'm going to try
to get him on your show,
OK, because I think it's really
important we get somebody
from the military to say this.
There's chemtrails right there.
So we now have a guy from
the military admitting
that they're spraying
this stuff, right?
So my question is, well, what
is this that they're doing?
And my answer is that they-- and
NASA has admitted, by the way,
recently that they
are spraying aerosols.
>>NOORY: Well, what we've always
heard, Jay, on "Coast to Coast"
is weather manipulation,
dumbing us down,
some other heinous purpose.
And what have you come up with?
>>WEIDNER: Well, I
think that they-- I know
that they know that
the Sun is changing,
and they don't know why.
I think the Sun is
actually going into a phase
that we don't understand.
>>NOORY: Fast.
>>WEIDNER: Fast.
And I think that
they are panicking.
It was NASA that discovered
that the Sun was changing.
It's NASA that's admitted that
they're spraying the aerosols.
OK?
We see the aerosols.
What do the aerosols do?
Notice that the Sun in that
picture is white, by the way.
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>WEIDNER: What do
these aerosols do?
Well, they start
out as a thin line,
and then they slowly spread.
And pretty soon you
have a silver sky,
where all the
sunlight is muted out.
I think that they're trying to--
>>NOORY: Block, blocking?
>>WEIDNER: --block the sunlight.
But there's another thing
that's even more important.
In this letter to the
editor in the paper,
he said they were doing it to
block the sunlight and mind
control.
Now, how could chemtrails
cause mind control?
Well, what people
don't realize is
that your consciousness
is governed by light.
Light comes in through
your eyes and hits
your pineal gland, which--
>>NOORY: You have to have that.
>>WEIDNER: You have to have it.
And the pineal gland is the
center of consciousness.
It's the center of the
soul, Descartes said.
OK?
And so light, the
color of light,
changes your consciousness.
And if the Sun is
changing, then it's
possible that our
consciousness is changing.
It could be that
the changing nature
of the Sun over
the last 20 years
is what's causing the great
awakening that's happening.
And they know that the great
awakening is happening.
Previous to our other
conversation about Archons.
What if the Archons realize that
this changing nature of the Sun
was going to wake
people up, and they're
going to find out about them?
What do they do?
That's what they do.
They spray the skies.
>>NOORY: Everywhere.
>>WEIDNER: Everywhere.
I have a friend who just
was traveling through Europe
last week, two weeks
straight in Europe.
I go to Europe all the time.
I used to never see
chemtrails in Europe.
He said the skies
were filled with them.
I have a friend lives in South
Africa, Michael Tellinger.
Same thing, he tells me.
The skies are filled
with chemtrails now.
It used to just be the
United States, he said.
>>NOORY: There's no
clear days anymore.
>>WEIDNER: There's no
And they've upped it-- I
don't know if you've noticed,
but they've upped it.
It's now much more spraying
than there used to be,
say, three years ago.
And the spraying is different.
They've really
gotten sophisticated.
This is some of the new--
>>NOORY: Thicker, everything.
>>WEIDNER: Thicker,
like that middle cloud
there in that photograph.
They've really gotten good with
whatever technology they're
using here, because now the
skies are blocked all the time.
>>NOORY: And that's more
than one plane, right?
>>WEIDNER: I've seen 17 jets
in the sky at once, counted
17 jets in the sky.
This is just a few weeks ago.
And I think they're drones.
I think now they're just--
>>NOORY: Now they're
doing it with drones.
>>WEIDNER: There's just
drones flying back and forth.
And how much does
this operation cost?
I ask you.
Gazillions?
I mean, how much can
it cost to fly planes
all over the Earth
dropping aerosols on top
and into the atmosphere.
>>NOORY: And why
do they hide this?
Why do they suppress this?
>>WEIDNER: Because we'd panic.
We would go into a
panic if we found out.
Also, if they're suppressing
our consciousness,
then they don't want us to know.
So they ridicule us who bring it
up, and they say, you're crazy.
You're a tinfoil hat
person and all this.
Yet, if we get one guy, and
hopefully I will have this guy,
come forth and admit it,
that he was in the military,
that he did it,
then it's game over.
People like voices, like your
show, we can get this out,
and we can start
lobbying the government
to stop this spraying.
We have to stop it.
They're dumping tons.
>>NOORY: Or at
least tell us about.
Maybe they have to
spray, Jay, you know?
>>WEIDNER: Well, may be true.
But at least they should tell.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>WEIDNER: And tell us why,
because I want to know why.
And if there is a mind
control aspect to it,
like the guy that talked
about HAARP, Nick--
>>NOORY: Begich.
>>WEIDNER: --Begich.
He says that they're reflecting
stuff off these chemtrails
through HAARP, and
that it's having
an electromagnetic effect on
us, which could also be true,
that it might also
be the mind control
aspect that this
gentleman's talking about.
I don't know.
>>NOORY: Well,
remember years ago
when the Olympics were
in China, and people
were concerned
about the weather.
The Chinese government
came out and said,
don't worry about the weather.
We have that covered.
>>WEIDNER: And they did.
There was no weather problems.
>>NOORY: They knew
what they were doing.
>>WEIDNER: They did.
And this happens a lot,
the recent flooding all
over the world.
They are messing
with the weather.
We know they are.
Scott Stevens'
been on your show.
He's a meteorologist.
He openly admits
it, that this is
weather manipulation
of the highest kind.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>WEIDNER: And so we
have to ask ourselves,
what is going on here?
And if the Sun is
changing, if they
know that the Sun is changing,
I want to know about it,
because I want to prepare
and help my family
prepare for this thing.
>>NOORY: If you can.
>>WEIDNER: If we can.
If not, then I want to party
down, have a nice time.
>>NOORY: That's right.
Right?
Because--
>>NOORY: That's what they're
concerned about, Jay.
>>WEIDNER: I think that is.
>>NOORY: They're concerned
about how many people
are going to go into work.
How many people are going to
march to the government's tune
if they know that
there's a clock ticking?
You know?
I mean, if you knew you were
going to die on Tuesday,
believe me, the
next couple days--
>>WEIDNER: I would
be eating ice cream.
>>NOORY: --would be
one heck of a party.
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
I'd be eating ice cream
and doing all the things--
>>NOORY: Doing
whatever you want.
>>WEIDNER: --I'm not
supposed to do, right.
Exactly what's
going to happen is
we would no longer
be good slaves,
and we would all just quit.
>>NOORY: Religions
with collapse.
>>WEIDNER: Everything
would collapse,
and it would be a
spectacular meltdown.
Now, Fulcanelli, who
wrote the original book
on the Cross of Hendaye,
he says that this
is coming, that there is going
to be this incredible change
that's going to happen,
and it's going to be soon.
He wrote the book in 1926,
but interestingly enough,
the book he wrote, "Mysteries
of the Cathedrals,"
didn't have the Cross of
Hendaye chapter in it.
It was only when they reprinted
the book in the late '50s
that this chapter, mysterious
chapter, had been added.
And no one really knows
who wrote it, really,
or how it got into the book.
And I believe that it
was a group of insiders,
whistleblowers, maybe
you could call them,
who decided to add this chapter
into the book in the late
'50s because time was getting
short, and it was now time--
>>NOORY: And they knew.
>>WEIDNER: They did.
And another thing about
the Cross of Hendaye
which is really
interesting is that Hitler
visited Hendaye, France in 1940.
And the first thing he
did when his train pulled
into the station is--
he was a big walker.
He liked to walk.
He grabbed his two dogs,
his German shepherds,
and walked straight up the
street to the Cross of Hendaye
and visited it.
>>NOORY: And he was
into this in a big way.
>>WEIDNER: And he was into
the occult in a big way.
So you have to wonder
what's going on.
And this, I think, also
explains the underground shelter
that Richard Sauter talks
about and maybe even
Denver Airport,
what's going on there.
>>NOORY: What's going on there.
>>WEIDNER: And I think
this whole thing--
and if you go to Denver
Airport and look at the murals
that we've talked about
on your show before,
again, there's one mural
called "The Extinction Mural."
Has all the extinct
animals, the dodo bird,
and it's got three humans, a
white kid, a Native American,
and a black girl, and
they're dead in the coffin.
This is in an airport now.
>>NOORY: Dead in the coffin?
>>WEIDNER: Hm mm,
with fire consuming
all of the forests
behind them on Earth.
>>NOORY: How bizarre.
>>WEIDNER: It was
originally how I discovered
the high weirdness
of Denver airport.
I was walking through traveling,
and I saw it and I said,
this is weird.
This is like a prediction
like the Cross of Hendaye.
Then I started looking more.
And then I started talking
to people who'd laid drywall
or did painting,
and they told me
they went down these shaft
elevators for like 18 minutes
to get down to someplace
below the airport.
And there was big rooms
down there with soldiers
and military people
running around,
and trains going into
the Rocky Mountains.
And it's like, really?
>>NOORY: Strange stuff.
>>WEIDNER: So if Hitler
knew about it, then
probably they all knew about it.
And they're all
watching this, trying
to figure out what's going on.
Maybe that was the whole
reason NASA got started.
>>NOORY: And it's happening,
Jay, you're so right, too fast.
>>WEIDNER: Way too fast.
>>NOORY: Too fast.
I mean, I remember,
you remember the days
when we landed on
the moon, 1969.
Look how far we've gone in
50 years, 46 years, which
is nothing in space-time.
>>WEIDNER: Nothing.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
But look what's happened.
>>WEIDNER: Look at the world.
And what you see in the world is
like a plethora of distraction,
weapons of mass distraction,
you might call them.
And they're distracting
us constantly
with all these
things that we never
can see what's really happening.
And so people don't
even look up at the sky
and see these things.
You say, look up, you see that?
And they go, I don't
want to look up.
I don't want to see it, right?
And besides, those are
just clouds anyway.
It's like--
>>NOORY: They're afraid.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah,
they are afraid,
and fear is the worst
enemy of humanity.
And we need to buck
up and get courage,
because we have
to take the reins
and start controlling
our destiny here
and quit being
followers and quit
being people who are victims.
They've tried to
make us victims.
They make being a
victim be cool now.
So who's victimizing you?
And if you're a victim, that
means you need help now,
and who's going to help you?
Well, it's going to be
the government that's
going to come in and help you
because you're a poor victim,
and you can't even
take care of yourself.
This is the message we're
constantly being sent.
Except for Gaiam TV
and "Coast to Coast,"
you're constantly getting
this in the media.
And I say, no more victims.
It's time for us to rise
up, take back this planet
because we're losing it.
>>NOORY: Back to the
Cross of Hendaye.
>>WEIDNER: Yes.
>>NOORY: Obviously, the
creators of that cross,
those who sculptured
it, knew something,
were told something of
probably events to come,
or events that had
happened, or both.
>>WEIDNER: Both.
Yeah, it's kind of
amazing that Fulcanelli
says about the builder
of the Cross of Hendaye
that he had knowledge even
beyond what we have today.
Somehow he acquired
this knowledge.
And my belief is
that, like I said
before, there's
a secret society.
It started out
completely pro-human
that had this information of a
continuous cycle of something
with the Sun.
And they were passing this
information down from father
to son or mother to daughter,
and they forgot to tell us.
They forgot the information.
If you look at the writing--
>>NOORY: Or something
happened to them.
>>WEIDNER: Or something
They got taken
over or something.
Which a lot of people
say, as you know,
that they got taken
over in the 1800s
by a nefarious,
evil group, and now
they're hiding all
the information.
Which the Cross of
Hendaye would say,
yeah, that's
probably true, which
is why Fulcanelli even came
out and told us about it,
because he's a whistleblower,
and he's inside this group.
>>NOORY: A book of secrets?
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, like
a book of secrets.
That's what the
Cross of Hendaye is.
It's a book of secrets.
And every time that you
do an interpretation
of the Cross of Hendaye,
you discover more secrets.
>>NOORY: What is NASA
doing right now, publicly
and privately, in your opinion?
>>WEIDNER: Well,
privately they're
telling their people
that there's something
so serious with the
Sun that they actually
have to rewrite the rules
of physics, carbon dating,
for instance.
Carbon dating is the
slow deterioration
of atomic material that
they can watch over time,
and then they can date
things that are organic.
>>NOORY: And they're
pretty close, too.
>>WEIDNER: They
are pretty close,
to about 5,000 years ago.
But what NASA is saying now
that anything beyond 5,000
is probably not legit.
They can't do it,
because they found out
that the rate of
decay is not stable.
It's unstable, and it's due
to the Sun, the changing
nature of the Sun.
Yeah.
And I've had people
in NASA tell me
that they've seen
stuff from SOHO, which
was so frightening and
freaky that they are tempted
to just quit and
just start partying.
>>NOORY: Some of that
leaks out on the internet.
>>WEIDNER: It does.
>>NOORY: And we just don't know
if it's real or not, right?
>>WEIDNER: I think it's real.
I think those rumors are real.
I think the rumors of sudden
quitting or disappearing
of people in NASA, I
think those are all real.
I think that they see it.
They realize that their
lives are at stake.
Their family's
>>NOORY: Their
jobs are at stake.
>>WEIDNER: Their jobs.
And then they
just-- they lose it.
They lose it, because
the information
is too much for them to handle.
I really believe that.
>>NOORY: There's one thing
we really can't stop.
We can slow, but we
can't stop, and that's
Earth-changing events.
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
>>NOORY: You can't
stop a tornado.
It's rolling
through the Midwest.
Mother Nature does what it does.
We're not going to stop the
Sun from doing what it's doing.
>>WEIDNER: You can slow
it down with chemtrails.
>>NOORY: Slow it
down, preserve it.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, that's all
you can do is slow it down.
But you cannot, in any way,
change what's about to happen.
And it may be a good thing.
It may not be a bad thing.
It may be a very good thing.
It may be a
consciousness-raising event,
that they quit
spraying the chemtrails
and let the real sunlight in
that we might change as humans.
Just like we changed
from Cro-Magnon
to what we are today, we can
go through another change.
And by the way, the
change from Cro-Magnon
to humans occurred
about 30,000 years ago,
26,000 years ago,
occurred at another time
when there was a great
change in the Sun.
So Robert Felix, the
meteorologist, he
says that evolution is guided
by the Sun, and I believe that.
I actually believe that
that's what's going on.
>>NOORY: Got a friend of mine
who gets very depressed when
he doesn't have sunlight after
a certain amount of time.
And that happens
to a lot of people.
>>WEIDNER: It does.
>>NOORY: You have to have
the Sun for a lot of reasons.
It turns, your body
system, into vitamin D.
You got to have that.
What happens if that's all gone?
>>WEIDNER: Well, it's
funny you say that.
I used to live in Seattle,
and we went through a period
where we had 94
days of no sunshine.
>>NOORY: People would
get whacked out.
>>WEIDNER: Oh, they were.
The murder rates
were skyrocketing.
Suicide rates were skyrocketing.
And then, finally,
we got a sunny day,
and it was the top headline
in the Seattle Times.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEIDNER: Sunny Day.
>>NOORY: And crime
probably stopped, right?
>>WEIDNER: Nobody went to work.
Everybody took the day off.
It was like incredible.
Nobody went to school.
Everyone said, I'm
staying home today.
>>NOORY: Let's have a good day.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
So no, it's horrible.
It's horribly depressing.
And that's why they drink
so much caffeine in Seattle
and Portland is
because it's so foggy.
>>NOORY: Really?
I didn't know that.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
Because you're not getting--
>>NOORY: Starbucks
must love that city.
>>WEIDNER: It's
where they started.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
That's where their
corporate headquarters
is because it's so cloudy.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, it is depressing.
And I think that SAD, it's
called SAD, Seasonally
Adjusted Depression, and people
get very sad in the winter
because there's no sun.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WEIDNER: And I think that
this proof that the Sun changes
us and can make us
happy, can make us sad,
this is all brain chemistry.
Light hits your eyes,
hits the pineal gland,
changes chemicals
inside your brain.
Serotonin suddenly
erupts in your brain.
You get happy in the
morning when you wake up.
That's all part
of consciousness,
and it's all guided by
the Sun because it's
like a mirror of us.
>>NOORY: You can predict the
moods of people by the weather.
>>WEIDNER: Yes, you can.
>>NOORY: I know that when
you get through Thanksgiving
and into Christmas,
people can handle
cold weather, snow, clouds.
And then after Christmas,
they're done with that.
>>WEIDNER: They are.
>>NOORY: They got to
have some sunlight.
>>WEIDNER: They are.
That's when people
take vacations
to the Caribbean and everything.
But people also get really
depressed in January
and February in the north part
of the world because of that.
They're able to hold the
dark until Christmas, right?
And Christmas is kind
of a celebration,
looking forward to--
>>NOORY: They can
get through that.
>>WEIDNER: They get-- but then
after that comes the crash,
and it's dark and it's dreary.
And the Sun sets at 5:15
and doesn't get up--
Sun doesn't rise until
late, near 8 o'clock
in the deep winter.
And people are so depressed and
just waiting for springtime.
And then when spring comes--
>>NOORY: Things change.
>>WEIDNER: --everybody's
happy again.
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>WEIDNER: And this is
all guided by the Sun.
>>NOORY: I used to
breed horses in Illinois
as a hobby--
expensive hobby, Jay.
>>WEIDNER: Yes.
>>NOORY: And my trainer
would always say,
we have to turn the lights
on at night for the horses.
And I said, what are
you talking about?
And he said, George, it is
so dreary here in Illinois
that the mares will not breed
unless there's sunlight.
So they tricked them by
keeping lights on all the time.
It's amazing.
>>WEIDNER: It is.
And we do that with
ourselves, where
we will go to
tanning salons and do
all these things to
stop the depression.
And now people are changing
their lights in their houses
so that they're full spectrum
so they're more like sunlight
because they're starved.
And we have a serious
vitamin D shortage
because we don't go outside.
And we're being told
not to go outside
because the sun is bad for you.
The sun is not bad for you.
The sun is good for you, and
you need to go out in the sun.
And putting heavy chemicals
and sunscreens on you and--
>>NOORY: In the long
run, it doesn't work.
>>WEIDNER: It doesn't work.
You need to go out.
You need to go out
early in the spring,
and so you don't
get burned, right?
If you stay indoors,
and in June you go out--
>>NOORY: You're
going to get burned.
>>WEIDNER: You're going
to get seriously burned.
So you have to let your-- you
have to slowly get into it.
And then you can go out in
June and not get burned and not
get melanoma because you
build up enough melanin
in the skin, tan,
what makes you tan,
so that you don't get burned.
So human beings are
supposed to be outside.
We're not supposed
to be indoors.
>>NOORY: That's right.
I remember going down to
Miami once, and I said,
you know what, I'm going
to get a tan right now.
And I got burned--
>>WEIDNER: Oh, boy.
>>NOORY: --Jay.
It turned into a fever.
>>WEIDNER: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: I had the shakes,
the chills all night.
You got to do it gradually.
>>WEIDNER: You can die from
that, yeah, sun exposure.
A lot of people do that.
People from England will
frequently, in the winter,
go to Southern
Italy, and they call
them roast beef, the Italians
do, because they show up,
and they're getting red.
And then they start--
>>NOORY: As a beet.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
As they start
sitting in the sun,
they just turn into
like rare roast beef.
And they say you can
tell who they are,
they say, you walk around,
they're just like--
>>NOORY: You touch them,
you can see the white.
>>WEIDNER:
--blood-red from being
in all that fog and clouds
into the hot, harsh sunshine.
And you really
shouldn't do that.
>>NOORY: Chills and
fevers waiting to happen.
>>WEIDNER: Absolutely.
It's just an awful thing to do.
So the Sun is a very
important thing.
>>NOORY: It's critical.
So where do we go with the Sun,
knowing that it's acting up?
The solar system is heating up.
>>WEIDNER: It is.
>>NOORY: And so to
me, global warming
is solar system warming.
>>WEIDNER: It is.
>>NOORY: Something that's
happening to the Sun.
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
>>NOORY: How do we
prepare for this?
What do we do?
>>WEIDNER: I don't know,
but it's a really good point
because they don't
have cars on Mars.
If the temperature's
gone up 14 degrees--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>WEIDNER: --at
the equator, it's
actually balmy in the summer
at the equator on Mars.
This is 48, 55 degrees
at the equator.
You could walk around
with your shirt
off if you didn't
die of asphyxiation.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WEIDNER: And the same thing's
true with Venus is heating up.
We know that Jupiter is heating
up, and Saturn's heating up.
Why is this happening if
it's caused by humans?
And the answer is it's
not caused by humans,
but you can't tax the Sun.
>>NOORY: You can't tax the Sun.
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
>>NOORY: And nobody
wants pollution.
It's a different argument.
>>WEIDNER: It is a
different argument.
And the global warming
caused by humans is a hoax.
It's a complete hoax.
You had Robert Zimmerman
on a few weeks ago talking
about this.
It is just a hoax.
And it's a cover-up for
what's going on with the Sun.
Since they don't want to tell
us that something's happening
with the Sun, then
they tell us it's
your fault, again,
making us the victim.
Oh, you know, we did it.
>>NOORY: We did it.
It's our fault.
>>WEIDNER: We're the bad
people because we're trying--
>>NOORY: And now we
have to pay for it.
>>WEIDNER: And we have to pay.
Because we're
getting in our cars
and going to work to make money
to get food for our families,
it's our fault that the
world is getting warmer.
And again, it's just
classic way to blame us
for everything that's going on.
The Sun is so much more powerful
than all the humans on Earth.
If you took all
the pollution that
has come out of
automobiles and factories,
that is one volcano, one--
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WEIDNER: --big, like Vesuvius.
Mount Vesuvius put
more junk into the air
than all humans have
done from the beginning
of the first human until now.
>>NOORY: And people
want more information
on the Cross of Hendaye.
Is your original
book still available?
>>WEIDNER: It is.
It's "Inner
Traditions," and you can
go to my site, jayweidner.com,
if you want to buy it.
>>NOORY: Spell it out for us.
>>WEIDNER:
J-A-Y-W-E-I-D-N-E-R.com,
sacredmysteries.com to
get my films and videos.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
I see you as a watchdog
for the human race.
>>WEIDNER: I feel like
that I'm a watchdog.
Yeah, actually I do.
>>NOORY: Super.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>WEIDNER: Hey, no problem, man.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WEIDNER: Good to be here.
>>NOORY: How about that?
We have an expert out
here who is looking
at chemtrails,
activity on the Sun,
passing that
information on to you,
so at least you know
what you can do about it.
I'm George Noory, and thank you
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]